This is the money I deposited in a private bank abroad
Don't worry.
Can't find it in China
It's very safe, why should I trust you?
Your network is so thin
Is it troublesome to check?
Go check it out
What are you up to?
Just 2 million
I'm already Fei Ge's woman
Ah!
I actually have a lot of money saved abroad
It all goes to Feige
Miss Lin Shao Luna's bank account in Switzerland
A transfer application is being initiated.
Pick up the phone
No, if I answer directly
Identity will be exposed
I want to keep him safe.
You pick up
Hello, is that Miss Donna herself?
Your bank account
Is initiating a transfer application for 2 million RMB
Do you want to confirm?
It was him in April
Has he been arguing?
Stunned
Nothing. I just miss my parents
Take your mobile phone to report safety to your parents tomorrow.
Brother Xie Fei, then I'll go back and rest first